https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19882785/what-is-the-point-of-reverse-indexing
Q:I just learned about reverse indexing. The wikipedia page says that
In database management systems, a reverse key index strategy reverses the key value before entering 
it in the index.1 E.g., the value 24538 becomes 83542 in the index. Reversing the key value is 
particularly useful for indexing data such as sequence numbers, where each new key value is greater 
than the prior value, i.e., values monotonically increase. Reverse key indexes have become particularly 
important in high volume transaction processing systems because they reduce contention for index blocks.

Why is reversing the key value useful for indexing sequence numbers? Also, why do reverse indexes help 
reduce contention for index blocks in high volume systems? In short: what is the point of reverse indexing?

A:In your example it refers to sequential numbers being a good application for reverse indexing. 
Taking the quoted number 24538, it will be inserted in the index at a certain point. The next number 
in the sequence will be 24539, which will be inserted in the index very close to the first number 
since the most significant digits are identical. Extending this, many sequential numbers will all 
require insertion at much the same point, involving a significant overhead in extending index blocks 
and rebalancing the index along the way.

The least significant digit of these numbers changes more rapidly than the most significant. Thus, 
reversing the order of the digits gives 83542 and 93542 respectively. These two numbers will be 
inserted into the index much further apart, and extending this to many numbers, the index will be 
built in a more balanced way, reducing the overhead in index management.

The operation of reversing the digits is trivial in computing terms, while managing the index can 
potentially involve many disk accesses, so inserting items in an index in a way that reduces the 
management overhead can deliver significant performance improvements.
